house - A structure built or serving as an abode of human beings. 
mum - Mother. 
cherry - A small fruit, usually red, black or yellow, with a smooth hard seed and a short hard stem. 
ham - The region back of the knee joint; the popliteal space; the hock. 
cat - An animal of the family Felidae: 
cat - An animal of the family Felidae: 
dog - A mammal, Canis familiaris or Canis lupus familiaris, that has been domesticated for thousands of years, of highly variable appearance due to human breeding. 
fish - A cold-blooded vertebrate animal that lives in water, moving with the help of fins and breathing with gills. 
or - Connects at least two alternative words, phrases, clauses, sentences, etc. each of which could make a passage true. In English, this is the "inclusive or." The "exclusive or" is formed by "either [...] or". 
sfsd - This word does not exist in the dictionary. 
she - A female. 
envy - Resentful desire of something possessed by another or others (but not limited to material possessions). 
hi - The word "hi" used as a greeting. 
hello - "Hello!" or an equivalent greeting. 
asdads - This word does not exist in the dictionary. 
cat - An animal of the family Felidae: 
frog - A small tailless amphibian of the order Anura that typically hops. 
cat - An animal of the family Felidae: 
winter - Traditionally the fourth of the four seasons, typically regarded as being from December 23 to March 20 in continental regions of the Northern Hemisphere or the months of June, July and August in the Southern Hemisphere. It is the time when the sun is lowest in the sky, resulting in short days, and the time of year with the lowest atmospheric temperatures for the region. 
fish - A cold-blooded vertebrate animal that lives in water, moving with the help of fins and breathing with gills. 
goose - Any of various grazing waterfowl of the family Anatidae, which have feathers and webbed feet and are capable of flying, swimming, and walking on land, and which are bigger than ducks. 
